3.8.0 changelog and version (#3456)
official-antistasi-community/A3-Antistasi: changelog.rst

==========

Version 3.8.0
===============

.. note::
   xxth December 2024

.. admonition:: Major

>    * :issue:`3441` & :issue:`3442` Added Expeditionary Forces MJTF factions and added EF integration Vanilla and Western Sahara templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3441` & :issue:`3442` Added Expeditionary Forces MJTF factions and added EF integration in Vanilla and Western Sahara templates
```

   * :issue:`3392` Added UI and supporting code to set custom loadouts for rebel troops

.. admonition:: Minor

>    * :issue:`3376` Changed to have more frequent militia vehicles/transports early game

Reviewer: this effect war level 1-4, worthwhile to note maybe?

Reviewer 2: eh, its implied by militia imo

Author: good as is as it's mentioning militia as well as early game

   * :issue:`3388` Implemented mortar/artillery support ranging shot and walking barrage
   * :issue:`3389` Added injector success and UID logging
   * :issue:`3430` Turned Carpet bombing into triple airstrike

>    * :issue:`3459` Added various TFAR bagpacks and to multiple templates

Reviewer 2: backpacks? bagpacks?

   * :issue:`3462` Improved loot-to-crate to dump to single weapon holder

.. admonition:: Template updates

   * :issue:`3182` Added 3CB CSAT Scimitar, Gryphon, Bear, and Viper regiment
   * :issue:`3407` Updated Vanilla/WS Factions, fine tuning, officer loadouts, further RF integration in vanilla and WS factions
   * :issue:`3413` & :issue:`3429` & :issue:`3460` Added CWR3 Factions Templates
   * :issue:`3414` Added Aegis Factions Compatibility
   * :issue:`3428` Added SPEX Factions Templates
   * :issue:`3442` Added 3CBF weapon integration into RHS factions

>    * :issue:`3437` Updated IFA Faction Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3437` Updated IFA Faction Templates to solve a bug with the large intel item. Adds Churchills to the IFA UK faction IFV lineup
```

>    * :issue:`3451` Fixed CUP template in BAF, ION

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3451` Fixed missing comma and incorrect artillery classnames in CUP template in BAF, ION
```

>    * :issue:`3452` Updated 3CB Ranger and fixed artillery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3452` Updated 3CB LDF with the Livonian Armed Forest Rangers, and corrected magazine classname for the rocket artillery
```

>    * :issue:`3457` Fixed NVG entry in RHS HIDF and flagged RHS HIDF and TLA as lowtech

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3457` Fixed NVG entry in RHS HIDF
```
My bad, did not keep the PR description up to date

==========

Version 3.8.0
===============

.. note::
   xxth December 2024

.. admonition:: Major

>    * :issue:`3441` & :issue:`3442` Added Expeditionary Forces MJTF factions plus Vanilla and Western Sahara compatibility

Reviewer: clarify/reword that it's EF intigration into the vanilla and WS factions

Author: done

   * :issue:`3392` Added UI and supporting code to set custom loadouts for rebel troops

.. admonition:: Minor

   * :issue:`3376` Changed to have more frequent militia vehicles/transports early game
   * :issue:`3388` Implemented mortar/artillery support ranging shot and walking barrage
   * :issue:`3389` Added injector success and UID logging
   * :issue:`3430` Turned Carpet bombing into triple airstrike
 
.. admonition:: Template updates

   * :issue:`3182` Added 3CB CSAT Scimitar, Gryphon, Bear, and Viper regiment

>    * :issue:`3407` Updated Vanilla/WS Factions, fine tuning, officer loadouts, further RF integration on missed factions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :issue:`3407` Updated Vanilla/WS Factions, fine tuning, officer loadouts, further RF integration in vanilla and WS factions
```

Author: done

   * :issue:`3413` & :issue:`3429` Added CWR3 Factions Templates
   * :issue:`3414` Added Aegis Factions Compatibility
   * :issue:`3428` Added SPEX Factions Templates
   * :issue:`3442` Added 3CBF weapon integration into RHS factions
   * :issue:`3437` Updated IFA Faction Templates
   * :issue:`3451` Fixed CUP template in BAF, ION
   * :issue:`3452` Updated 3CB Ranger and fixed artillery

.. admonition:: Terrain updates

>    * :issue:`3424` & :issue:`3448` Updated Isla Duala to hide "bad" objects and cull obsolete enemy locations

Reviewer: This also enables/unhides the Isla Duala mission

Author: done

.. admonition:: Bugfixes

   * :issue:`3386` Flattened out support responses and block support calls for mine kills
   * :issue:`3390` Fixed HQ actions being available through remote controls
   * :issue:`3393` Fixed skill upgrade tooltip not updating
   * :issue:`3395` Fixed errors caused by tags function
   * :issue:`3397` Fixed arsenal not clearing client IDs on disconnect
   * :issue:`3402` Prevented rebels AIs being equipped with VN melee weapons
   * :issue:`3406` Fixed base class for srifle_GM6_snake_lxWS
   * :issue:`3418` Fixed precedence error in mortar/arty support routine
   * :issue:`3416` Fixed custom WS Kamaz Textures
   * :issue:`3436` Fixed debug line in fn_setPlaneLoadout.sqf

>    * :issue:`3443` Fixed EF CDLC detection

Reviewer 2: This PR should be dropped. It was a hotfix for EF support

Author: done
